page a biitch by the baggage baggage
haha very Jacob fellas that's one you
intro I hope you like that to you from
Family Guy or something like that but
it's kind of funny so I hope you like
that but here we have in the background
my class is a my new gold riot gold
knife and gold crossbow class bet you're
loving that and there's also a class for
when i use my golden i buy a gold cross
both get gone luckily i'll get the whole
Gold I tell you like that because you
have to get multi you have to get em
bloodthirsty so you have the Miss you're
only allowed to miss once you have to
get every other bullet which is gay as i
was reading last night over it i just
came back on this morning and realized i
had it so forth do video my friends
around you gonna say hi Darren no it's
not gonna say hi so yeah that's the bit
that's pretty much video I'm just
getting me a little low down on the
crossbow crossbows pretty good when you
get try bolt that's what I'd suggest the
use on it try bolt shoots free at once
and it's pretty awesome probably use a
shotgun with it um I used a riot shield
just show off because our gold red
shield goldner I could go crossbow so I
wanted to show off of them and yes
basically it so crossbow pashto is
pretty good on this I mean you can aim
like dead on top of them and it will get
them or you can name a little bit above
them if they're far away and it will get
them so also the good thing about
crossbow is is a thermal sight which is
awesome there's also another site which
is lie sort of like a variable zoom our
is a variable zoom and that's pretty
awesome as well so I'm going to end the
video then I hope you enjoy it and I
hope you give me a like because I really
appreciate it and for those newcomers
pre subscribed thanks guys
you